>>LISA GARR: Hi, I'm Lisa Garr,
host of Gaiam Inspirations.
Today, I invite you to go on
a journey of consciousness
with me, guided by my guest,
new generation thought
leader, Panache Desai.
Panache has been on an
extraordinary journey himself,
from being raised in
London and recognized
as a gifted healer at an early
age and then being on Oprah
and becoming a worldwide
messenger of truth.
And today, he's going to
help us with a lot of truth.
Welcome.
Thanks for being here.
>>PANACHE DESAI:
Thank you, Lisa.
It's a pleasure, as always.
>>LISA: It's great
to have you here,
and just to have you
with me in person.
I was saying that
to your earlier.
>>DESAI: I know.
>>LISA: So--
>>DESAI: Pinch me.
>>LISA: I know.
Look, you're in the flesh today.
>>DESAI: There you go.
>>LISA: This is exciting.
>>DESAI: We're doing it.
>>LISA: So let's talk a
little bit about your journey,
a little bit about your story
of life as a child for you.
Was it different?
Did you have a different
experience as a child?
>>DESAI: Life as a child for
me, in a word, was interesting.
I was born into a
spiritual family.
And they weren't religious,
but they were meditators.
And they chanted in Sanskrit.
Sanskrit's a
vibrational language.
>>LISA: Quite often?
>>DESAI: Mhm.
And so we grew up
with this practice
that was at the foundation or
the core of our family life.
And so for the first five
years, my grandmother raised me.
And like every day, she'd
be doing her prayers.
You know, she'd be
chanting in Sanskrit.
You know, she'd read
the Bhagavad Gita,
which is a wonderful
story in Sanskrit that
annotates our journey
as individuals
into the fullness of who we are.
You know, and this
is the environment
that I grew up in, an absolutely
pristine vibration environment.
I subsequently was completely
open, completely aware
and connected to
everything and everybody.
And--
>>LISA: By the ways
you were raised.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: So you would start off
with chanting in the morning
and--
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: And just your day
would be about prayer and--
>>DESAI: The whole day.
>>LISA: --journey.
>>DESAI: That's it.
You know, and even
when I got upset,
they'd put me in the meditation
room, and I'd stop crying.
You know, it was just
my favorite place to be.
It was home for me.
You know, the energy of
that room was home for me.
>>LISA: Most kids you put
in the meditation room,
they would start crying.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: So when
you went to school,
did you have a
similar experience
where you carried that over?
Or was it difficult
when you were
interacting with the other kids?
>>DESAI: Well, as I
got older, I began
to realize that I was different.
But I made myself
wrong for that.
You know, I was really
feeling everything
that everyone was going through.
I was very acutely
aware of-- I mean,
I knew everything
about everybody,
and things I didn't
even want to know.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>DESAI: And it was
hard for me to navigate
that, especially in
the teenage years,
because we get to
a point where we
want to assert our
dominance, especially boys.
And you know, I didn't
want any part of that.
I just went out with all
the nice-looking girls
while everyone was
beating each other up.
So that made me a
bit of a target.
The other thing is
that I didn't subscribe
to this click mentality.
>>LISA: Oh, so you
didn't try to fit in?
>>DESAI: No, I was
this lone island
by myself, which didn't help.
>>LISA: Why?
>>DESAI: Because I just
didn't conform to any group.
I didn't feel the need
to conform to any group.
You know, I loved everybody.
I was just a part of everyone.
So you know, I didn't hang
out with the Indian kids.
I didn't hang out
with the athletes.
I wasn't hanging out with
all the academic kids.
I knew everybody.
And so that was how I conducted
myself in school and my life.
>>LISA: So just a second
though-- because you
said an island.
So you just kind of went between
all these different groups.
But you were OK with who
you were and who you are.
>>DESAI: Exactly.
>>LISA: And that is one of the
biggest challenges for people
right there.
>>DESAI: It is.
>>LISA: Is that they're
trying to fit in,
and they get
rejected, and fit in,
and get rejected, and fit
in, and get rejected, all
throughout their whole life.
And it creates dissonance,
huge in the heart.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
It's because most people
are living their lives
outside in instead
of inside out.
>>LISA: OK.
>>DESAI: Their
informing themselves
through the voices
of other people
and through the approval or
disapproval of other people
instead of really being anchored
in the knowledge and wisdom
of who they are at the
deepest level, which
is just an infinite
divine being.
>>LISA: So do you
think that it was
your teachings and your
growing up through the chanting
process, or was there really
gifts that came in with you?
Which?
Chicken or egg?
>>DESAI: I was
really born this way.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>DESAI: Before I was born,
I was blessed in the womb
by an Indian saint and was
part of a whole lineage.
And everyone that we'd go
and see on the weekends--
when you're Indian, you go to
see Bollywood movies or you go
see spiritual teachers.
And everyone that we'd
go and see would say,
we've been waiting for you.
You know, you're here to
shift the consciousness
of the planet.
We've been waiting for you.
You have our blessing.
When you're older,
come and see me.
And this was this running joke.
It was like everyone
that we'd go and see
would have the
same conversation.
Of course, I just
wanted to be a kid.
I just wanted to watch
Airwolf or The A-Team
and hang out with BA Baracus,
who was my guru, you know?
>>LISA: Oh, yeah.
>>DESAI: You know, and just
normal, whatever that means.
But yeah, I had this
whole spiritual thing
and this whole
spiritual back story
that was always a
part of my childhood.
>>LISA: And you always heard it.
It was always--
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: Did somebody keep
reminding of you of it?
Did you try to deny it?
Did you want--
>>DESAI: I absolutely
tried to deny it.
I moved away from
spirituality in my teens
because I just got
to the point where
I didn't know what to do with
everything that I was feeling,
both inside myself
and everywhere else.
And I think at some point, I
bought into the judgment too.
You know, it's very easy
to buy into the judgment
that we have as a society of how
people are supposed to show up
and how we're supposed
to navigate our emotions.
And so I stepped away from what
I call my soul signature, which
is my own unique expression.
>>LISA: And how did
that work for you?
>>DESAI: It was awful.
It was awful.
I literally got to a
point where I just really
didn't want to be on
the planet anymore.
And I remember just crying
myself to sleep most nights.
Didn't tell my mom
and dad nothing.
I was just in this anguish,
in this existential anguish
that, of course, I didn't
understand at that time.
I knew that there was something
wrong with the version
of reality that was being sold.
>>LISA: But you
didn't ever register
that it was something
wrong with you?
Huh.
Throughout all the--
>>DESAI: Even
though people tried
to make it about me-- and of
course, judgment does that.
But at that point, I never
really questioned myself.
I always understood
that I was who I was.
And it was through
the acceptance
of who I was that I came
back to being my expression
and living my soul signature.
>>LISA: Was there a
moment of realization
that you had that took you
out of that place of crisis?
>>DESAI: Oh, yeah.
I was very skeptical.
Because being Indian, you meet
lots of people who wear orange.
And not everyone's
really taking you
anywhere that's leading
you to liberation.
Some people take you
down a garden path.
And so I was very
skeptical of everything.
I never believed anything
that anyone told me.
I had to experience
it for myself.
And so even with all these
conversations with people
having about me, I
just like, yeah, right.
Leave me alone.
Why would God choose
somebody like me?
And so for me, I called out God.
I said, all right.
If you exist, then
prove it to me.
Because I'm not going
to be this messenger
that everyone says
I'm here to be.
And if I can't look at
people in their eyes
and tell them that this is the
truth based on my experience,
then I won't do it.
And so I had an
experience of the divine.
And that, for me, was the moment
where the skepticism ended.
>>LISA: What was the experience?
>>DESAI: Just this
infinite ocean
of energy with no
beginning and no end.
>>LISA: Ah, where were you?
>>DESAI: I was In Venice,
actually, at the time.
I had moved away from
London and was in California
and I'd gone through a
really deeply cathartic time.
I was no fun to be around.
Everything that I'd repressed
or suppressed or denied
about myself was
coming to the surface.
I was just going through
this amazing transformation.
So New Year's Eve of 2002,
2003, all of a sudden,
I'm here, having this
experience of the divine.
It's like the divine showed me.
>>LISA: In California?
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: And what were you
doing at the time, workwise?
Were you just--
>>DESAI: I wasn't.
I was very blessed in the fact
that I could just kind of relax
and just figure out what it
is I want to do with my life.
>>LISA: Ah.
>>DESAI: And so I
was very fortunate.
>>LISA: And you asked
for this though, right?
You confronted the divine?
>>DESAI: Mhm.
>>LISA: And after you
had that experience,
what did you notice about
your lenses on life?
>>DESAI: Well, that I
was always connected.
The funny thing was that
that experience actually
confirmed to me everything that
I was experiencing as a child
but subsequently
went on to deny.
So I guess I was
always born in oneness
and always living in oneness.
It's just because most
people aren't aware of that,
I denied it.
And then I came back to that.
The other upshot of it was
everything got luminous.
You know, I talk
about it in the book.
You know, I have a moment
of just complete realization
and awakening where I'm
walking around on the street
and everything's glowing.
And I'm in Venice, California.
Venice, California
doesn't naturally glow.
>>LISA: No.
>>DESAI: And like everything,
the graffiti, the streets,
I mean, everything, right?
The whole thing was glowing.
And the light and the
luminosity that was always
present-- it's like the
true nature of reality
was revealed to me.
>>LISA: So you didn't--
nothing outside of you changed.
You changed.
And those things that used
to disconnect you before,
where you saw the truth, how did
you approach those differently?
>>DESAI: I didn't question them.
I didn't question
my knowing anymore.
I didn't questioned
my truth anymore.
I stopped caring, I guess.
I stopped needing egoic
approval and acceptance
from outside of myself.
>>LISA: You stopped
caring about what?
>>DESAI: What people had to say,
their thoughts, their opinions,
whether they liked
me, didn't like me.
You know, when I had that
experience of the divine,
there was just
complete acceptance,
absolute acceptance.
It didn't matter how
I'd lived my life.
>>LISA: And so you didn't care
what people thought about you.
You got to be the full
opportunity of who you are.
But what about what you
thought of other people?
>>DESAI: Doesn't matter.
>>LISA: None of it mattered.
>>DESAI: No, because all I could
see in them was their light.
All I could see was
who they really are.
The saddest thing
for me is that people
couldn't see that
for themselves.
>>LISA: Ah, yeah.
Yeah.
And so that is
what you teach now,
is about really seeing that
soul signature in somebody
else, in themselves,
really, in ourselves.
>>DESAI: Well, and
more than teaching it,
I'm very blessed in the fact
that we can experientially
deliver that to people so
that they stop questioning,
so they start owning
who they are and--
>>LISA: How do you do that?
How do you experiencially
deliver that people?
>>DESAI: Well, this had been
happening to me my whole life.
I remember even at the youngest
ages, like five or seven,
I'd just be around
people, and all
of a sudden, all their
stuff would start coming up,
their sadness, their
anger, their fear,
their vibrational density,
everything that we've judged,
repressed, or suppressed.
And literally, they'd sit down.
They'd seemed encumbered
or burdened by life.
It's like life had gotten
the better of them.
Judgment had gotten
And they'd sit down with me and
they'd experience all of that.
They'd get up.
And they'd be sparkly.
That's how I'd
describe it as a child.
And I just thought it was
absolutely weird, you know?
I didn't want to hear
people's life stories.
I didn't want to know
why they hated their wife
or why they didn't
like their job.
And I'd even have moments
of looking at them going,
I'm seven.
I really don't want
to know all of this.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>DESAI: But my whole
life's been like that.
And you know, that experience
then just solidified everything
that I'd been created to be.
>>LISA: So, how did
you then experience
teaching this and really
imparting this information?
At what point did
you start doing that?
Was it teenager?
>>DESAI: Well, for me it
was never about teaching,
because nobody needs
to learn anything.
If anything, we
already know too much.
So what everybody
needs to really know
is that enlightenment is an
entirely destructive process.
And what's being
destroyed is everything
that you believe is false
about you, everything
that you've made more
real than the truth.
And so this energy and
this presence in the form
of the book or whatever it
is that I do is lovingly
dismantling everything that
you've accepted as the truth,
but isn't.
And it all starts to fall
away until eventually you
see yourself as infinite
potential and possibility.
And you begin to see that in
you and everyone that you meet.
You begin to live
the oneness that
is available in every
moment of life and living.
>>LISA: Enlightenment is
a dismantling process.
>>DESAI: Mhm.
>>LISA: Most people
strive for enlightenment.
>>DESAI: Mhm.
>>LISA: And you say
it's dismantling.
>>DESAI: Absolutely.
It's absolutely peeling away
everything that is false,
everything, everything that's
the illusion, our story,
our thoughts, our
beliefs, our identities.
Who are we beyond our
bodies and our minds?
>>LISA: Yeah.
In most ways, our experience
of life is being trapped.
Is being feeling like
you're constantly
pushing against the machine.
And this takes the lid off of
that, allows you to kind of not
see through the separation
between yourself and things.
Even if things go wrong,
there's no separation there.
>>DESAI: No.
>>LISA: It's oneness.
That's the oneness that
you're talking about.
>>DESAI: That's exactly right.
And in truth, there's only
one foundational reality,
and that is love.
And that's what everyone's
being guided back into again,
but while we're alive.
That's the good news.
>>LISA: Let's talk
about presence.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: So in this moment
right now with you,
there is no
separation between us.
>>DESAI: Mhm.
>>LISA: I'm there.
I'm experiencing an energy
that just is circular.
And it's flowing
through both of us.
And you're part of me.
I'm part of you.
It's an incredibly
circular feeling.
But it's also boundless.
There's no separation here.
So how do you experience that
with every single person?
>>DESAI: I was born this way.
Acceptance is the key.
When you come into a profound
acceptance of yourself,
at that point, you come
into a profound acceptance
of other people.
So acceptance is the
key to self love.
And at that point, you
have been unlocked the keys
to the kingdom, because you can
love everything and everyone.
>>LISA: I just
saw your body drop
when you had that experience.
Did you just experience
something different just now?
>>DESAI: Mhm.
>>LISA: What was that?
>>DESAI: Well, when I'm talking
about these things, you see,
it's also the energy's
being conveyed of them.
And so I'd invite people
to open their palms
and really just
receive and really
experience what's being shared.
Because this interview
in and of itself
has the ability to
serve as the reminder
that you've asked for
a long time ago to once
again put you back
into the forefront
of your authentic
vibrational self.
>>LISA: So the energy comes
through the screen, wherever
people are watching it.
I can experience that right now,
because my hands are tingling
right in the center of my palms.
>>DESAI: Yeah, thousands of
people from all over the world
feel it via webcasts
and TV shows.
And they all speak of
experience the energy.
It's really a phenomenon.
>>LISA: When you
do the workshops--
and we're going to
see an example of this
in a second, where
Panache is communicating
this energy-- delivering
is a good word for it--
this energy to people.
Let's actually take a
look at that-- Panache
in some of his
experiences and workshops.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Hi, I'm Panache Desai, your
local friendly neighborhood
enlightened being.
-Know that no matter what
you are going through,
it is in divine
order and it is only
your perception
that says otherwise.
-From the minute I met him in
the very first session I had,
I knew it was it.
-We're either going to be
that change in the world
or we're going to hand
off the responsibility
to children and grandchildren.
Which one?
-Be the change.
-Which one?
For me, there's just this
feeling or knowing inside
that this is someone who
has a message for mankind.
And this time is
now and it's due.
-When you have
someone like Panache
that's holding the
presence, miracles happen.
-This gift is here at this
time to transform everything
that it touches into love.
Our biggest obstacle, our
biggest challenge at this time
is that we don't love ourselves.
And so the introduction of
this consciousness at this time
is to help bring people
into that self love.
And then that love permeates
everything around you.
And everyone around you receives
that experience of love.
-He's very, very, very calming,
affirming, inspirational man.
-He exudes an energy that you
can feel from a half mile away.
-He almost comes in
through the back door,
so you don't even really
know what happens until wow,
you know, your life changes.
-Direct experience of the
divine was the greatest moment
of my life.
I experienced God
as an infinite ocean
of love, light, and
energy with no beginning
and no end and a love
beyond description, a love
that even the greatest poets
could not describe in words.
In certain levels
of awareness, you
begin to access the same
wisdom and knowledge
that every great master
and teacher has accessed
since the beginning of time.
And so when you can become
still enough in yourself
and you become empowered
enough in you are,
wisdom spontaneously
arises from within.
You see, really, age has
nothing to do with it.
The part that is the key
ingredient in all of this
is conscious awareness.
And so my ability to consciously
access this wisdom, consciously
connect with this
wisdom, this field
of infinite awareness that
surrounds me all the time
is what allows me
to truly support
individuals on this planet.
Even as a child, I realized that
I was always connected to God.
I incarnated into
a world, however,
that believed it needed
to do something in order
to have a relationship with God.
I'm always connected
to the divine.
There is never a moment in my
life when I'm not connected.
I'm like a goldfish
swimming in a goldfish bowl.
And the divine, or God, is that
water that I'm swimming in.
The only difference
is there are moments
when I'm aware of the fact
that I'm swimming in that water
and there are moments where
it's my natural experience
and I'm not aware of it.
But it's always there.
Just like a goldfish fish
doesn't search for the water--
it knows it's in the water--
we as human beings don't
need to search for God.
God is always around us.
Simply be aware of your breath.
Be aware of your body.
Breathe, slow down.
And watch what happens.
-I've been brought to a
place of love for myself
that I never expected.
-I am not the same person
I was a year ago when
I started attending
Panache's seminars.
And I'm thankful for that.
-I love you.
And I forgive you, too.
But you don't even need to be
forgiven, because you've never
ever done anything wrong.
At the point when someone's
journey or path intersects
with mine, they are completely
ready to own who they are
and be who they are
here to be in the world.
That is why we find each other.
And so by the time
they've gotten to me,
they've gone through
everything they
need to go through in order
to hear what it is that I have
to say, in order to receive this
amazing gift that propels them
into the next phase of who
they are, why they're here,
and what it is that
they've come to share.
-I had no idea
that this was what
was going to be experienced.
And it is intoxicating.
-Like I know I'm really lucky
to actually be able to come.
-It could be called the
last workshop, I think,
if you get it.
And I feel like that after all
the workshops that I've done,
this may be one of the
last ones of mastery.
-So someone's meeting with
me is not by accident.
You don't find me by accident.
You are drawn to
me, drawn to hear
what it is that I
have to say, drawn
to receive this gift,
drawn at this time, pulled
to be who you are here to
be, knowing and understanding
that you never needed to
be anything other than you.
When you find me,
it's game over.
-I feel like every question
I've ever had has been answered.
I feel complete, totally whole,
and I feel my divine self.
-I'm not a guru.
I'm not a teacher.
I am simply an old friend that
you asked once a long time
ago to remind you of your
own inner magnificence.
-He's the real deal.
He's the real deal.
-Every time we come
to sessions, people
quantum leap in the
experience of themselves.
Every time we come
together, this gift
moves them further and
further along the path.
And it doesn't matter
whether you're just beginning
or you've been on this journey
for 30, 40, or 50 years.
Everything this gift touches
transforms into love.
So the answer and
solution is here.
Are you ready?
That is the question.
The answer and solution is here.
Are you ready?
That is the question.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: All right.
So I had, in this-- I haven't
been to one of your workshops.
But I had an experience after
I spoke to you at one point.
We did an interview together.
And right after the
interview, I got
in my car to go
pick up my daughter.
And then I got in
a car accident.
And I called you because
the accident was really
traumatic for me.
And I've been
driving for 30 years.
And I had never had an accident.
And so I called you,
because I was very shocked.
And I think anyone experiences,
when they're in an accident--
something happens to
your aura, if you will.
It just jars you a lot.
And it was an accident
from-- I was hit from behind.
And I called you.
And you said, just be still
and just experience the energy.
What was it that you
did at that time that
enabled the feeling that I had
to get back into coherence?
Because I felt my
aura start to mend.
I felt myself start to take
a breadth for the first time.
>>DESAI: Well, whether
I'm with an individual
or with thousands of people,
what happens is I become them
and they become me.
And so in your case,
you hadn't allowed
yourself to fully
experience the accident.
And what I mean by that is
the shock and the trauma of it
had gotten stuck in your body.
>>LISA: Yeah, it did.
>>DESAI: And it
caused a density.
And so I basically
just experienced
the accident on your behalf.
And that's true for accidents.
It's true for abuse.
I mean, sometimes when I'm
working with people who've
had just horrific abuse,
they can't remember it.
It's like I relive the
abuse as if it's me.
And so this is just an
ability that I have.
It's just to really profoundly
connect on the deepest level.
>>LISA: But it
doesn't bother you
the way that it would bother me?
Why?
How does it not?
>>DESAI: It's just
a natural ability.
I think acceptance-- I think
that's the depths of my love.
>>LISA: You just allow it to--
>>DESAI: You have to have--
love is all inclusive.
And the more expansive your
definition of the word love is,
the more you can be
available for other people.
>>LISA: But Panache,
when you have someone
who's been through such
traumatic abuse-- and those
are horrific feelings-- you
don't let them affect you?
>>DESAI: Well, no, I cry.
And I feel everything
there is to feel.
I don't resist it at all.
And my heart breaks with
them, for them, for everything
they've gone through.
I mean, I feel everything, every
emotion, the fear, the sadness,
the anger, I feel
everything as if I'm them.
>>LISA: But in a
way that's love--
>>DESAI: That's right.
>>LISA: --that's
complete love around it.
>>DESAI: Sometims we
just need some support.
And--
>>LISA: It makes
sense, because--
>>DESAI: --sometimes
people can help
us go through things that
we can't by ourselves.
So like I always say to
people, I'm just an old friend,
you know?
I get to hold your hand and go
through these things with you
that sometimes are challenging
for you to go through
by yourself.
>>LISA: Because in those
experiences, there is no love.
There is none--
>>DESAI: Well, no.
In those experiences,
there is love.
>>LISA: In the
traumatic experiences?
>>DESAI: Mhm.
>>LISA: Well, explain.
>>DESAI: Your car accident
was the best blessing
that ever happened to you,
because you were going
100 miles an hour
when I met you.
>>LISA: Yeah, you're right.
>>DESAI: And so that
accident has caused you
now to re-prioritize
how you spend your time.
And it's gotten you to slow
down and pick and choose
what's important.
Had that accident
not have happened,
the two-by-four would
not have been pleasant.
>>LISA: Right.
>>DESAI: So the
accident was a whisper.
>>LISA: That is very true.
I didn't even actually
put that together.
I had-- prior,
about 13 years ago--
had a really severe accident
where I lifted up out
of my body and experienced this
consciousness that you are.
But I almost died
in that accident.
That was the pure expansive.
When you talk about
this beautiful expansive
consciousness, that
stopped me from a place
where I was going where
I didn't need to go.
>>DESAI: Right.
>>LISA: And so this
was just a whisper
to get me back to that place.
>>DESAI: That's exactly right.
And it's always good to
catch it as the whisper
instead of to wait
for the two-by-four.
>>LISA: So how do we do that
before we get to the accident?
How do we catch ourselves?
Sometimes the ego gets hold
of us and gets in the way.
>>DESAI: What I've discovered
is that the one thing that's
essential for us
to really evolve
is to cultivate like an almost
brutal honesty with ourselves.
We have to be ruthless
with ourselves.
>>LISA: In what way?
How do you self question?
>>DESAI: Because you have to
know who you are, first of all.
You have to know what's
going on inside of you.
You have to get to know
every aspect of yourself,
not just the parts that you
like, but all that you are.
And then you can
start to embrace them.
And then through embracing,
they become transparent.
Then the greater light and
luminosity of your soul
begins to shine through.
So authenticity is
really nothing more
than the alignment of your
personality with your soul.
And that's really what
discovering your soul signature
is about.
It's about embracing
those parts of ourselves
that we've judged-- the same
thing I had to go through.
You know, I bought
into the judgment.
I bought into separation,
because everyone else
was doing it.
But eventually, I
got to a point where
I had to be still
and start feeling
and accepting and
embracing who I was.
And as that happened,
I then began
to open up to gifts,
talents, and abilities
that were always
there inside of me.
>>LISA: So the energy
that you deliver
to people, and in the presence
of being in this energy,
would you call this a gift?
Or would you call this
something that you
can teach anyone else to have?
>>DESAI: I think that we all
have the potential for it.
And eventually, we'll be
able to be conduits for it.
It's just sometimes we need some
individuals to go through it
a little bit ahead of everybody
else to kind of pave the way.
And that's all this is.
>>LISA: When you
walk into a room,
and people start-- still
to this day-- telling you
their issues or their problems,
or you see their pain,
or you see their challenges,
you don't go automatically
into talking to them about
their problems, do you.
>>DESAI: I just hug them.
>>LISA: You just hug them.
>>DESAI: That's all they need.
That's all they want.
>>LISA: Sometimes we all do.
>>DESAI: They just want a hug.
They don't want teachings.
They don't want-- they don't
need anything spiritual
in that moment.
They just need a hug.
They just want to
know that they're OK.
So I just hug them.
>>LISA: It takes years and
years of stress off of someone
when you hug someone.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: Yeah.
And when you ask-- when they
talk to you about their pain,
about their situation,
is it ever anything
that you can go back
and heal for them?
Because I see people get up
out of wheelchairs around you.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: And you
give them permission
to be their soul signature.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
Well, it's not really healing.
It looks like healing.
But it's not healing.
You see, what happens
is as vibration beings,
we operate on different levels.
So the subtlest
level is the soul.
The layer above that
is the emotional layer.
Now, in most cases that's
where all our repressed
or suppressed
emotional content is
that's keeping us disconnected.
>>LISA: And that's
sometimes where we stay.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
Then we've got our unconscious,
our conscious mind,
and our body.
So in hundreds of
thousands of cases,
when I trace everything
back, there's
something in that
emotional layer that
hasn't been embraced
or felt or experienced.
And every time we're
open to just allowing
that energy to move-- because
energy can shift states.
It can become solid like ice
or it can evaporate like steam.
And in that same way, energy
can constantly shift and change.
And so when we can start to
embrace and accept who we are,
we start to return to a
state of flow and harmony.
And then it looks like
something miraculous happened,
but it didn't.
It's just that person
is now fully coming back
to being themselves.
>>LISA: So you don't
actually change
the past and who they were.
You send a different vibration
to that solid memory that
gets stuck in our emotion
that we believe is true.
And you start to send
a different vibration
to that memory and
break it up essentially.
>>DESAI: Well, love is the
most dominant energy there is.
>>LISA: Oh.
>>DESAI: And so when
you're in the presence
of that energy of
love, nothing can
remain but the energy of love.
>>LISA: Ah.
So it's not a different
energy at all.
It's just we all can do it, is
basically what you're saying.
All right, I want you to
take a look at this video
here where Panache is
doing this exact thing.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-One of the biggest
culprits today
that keeps us locked in
distraction is actually stress.
The majority of human beings
on this planet cannot navigate
the energy of stress.
And again, what do we do?
We check out mentally.
We tell ourselves stories.
We hold on to things.
We abide in the past.
Or we project ourselves
off into a future
where this scenario
no longer exists.
Those people, when
they're confronted
in the workplace, where
someone says or does something,
they'll start
projecting themselves
into a future reality
where they're retired
and they'll no longer
ever have to see
this person and their
Hawaiian shirts ever again.
I'm not sure why
Hawaiian shirts.
Maybe they are Hawaiian shirts.
I don't know.
I just had a moment of
Magnum PI appreciation.
So yeah, maybe it's
a Hawaiian shirt.
Or you never have to
see those ties again
with the checks and the
lines, or whatever it is.
So someone's talking to you.
Instead of feeling the
pain that is arising inside
of you, the anger, the
sadness, or the fear,
you will go off into
a future reality
where you are retired,
sitting on a hammock.
And all you can
hear and all you can
do with this situation is be
engaged in the wa, wa, wa, wa,
wa, wa, wa that is
going on around you.
Well, the very
second you go there,
you have cut yourself
off from your life force.
But the reason why distractions
are self-destructive
is that when we
engage in them, we
are not furthering
our expression.
We are not furthering our life.
But in those moments
where we are triggered,
we are actually,
actually, actually,
actually avoiding the impulse.
We're avoiding what is wanting
to happen that would actually
further our lives.
So I'm going to blow your minds.
Your pain and your
willingness to feel your pain
determines the
quality of your life.
It sounds absolutely insane.
What do you mean my
pain and my willingness
to feel my pain determines
the quality in experience
of my life?
Yeah, those people that are
courageous or crazy enough
to feel their pain are actually
the most empowered and the most
fulfilled.
They are.
Those people that
don't need to go
to distraction to mitigate,
to limit, to minimize,
those people that can stay
in the experience of pain
actually flourish
and evolve faster.
You see, our pain
in and of itself
is an evolutionary catalyst.
Everything is.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: OK, so you at some
point took the chanting
that you were doing and
dive into the frequencies
of that particular chanting.
Tell me about that experience.
What led you to do that?
>>DESAI: Well,
Sanskrit and Hebrew
are vibrational languages.
So when you chant them,
they have the ability
to completely purify you.
>>LISA: Does it
awaken that vibration,
or is it just there by doing it?
>>DESAI: Well, sound and
syllables-- these sounds
and these syllables are sacred.
And so they resonate
at such a high level
that they literally
have the ability
to begin to dismantle all
of that emotional and heavy
content, that density
that we've created.
And so I began to look into 'em.
Like, what is this
thing that's going on?
And so just as much
as sound and syllables
can do that, again, people can
be a catalyst in the same way.
So I discovered
this thing called
Solfeggio frequencies, which
is all these hidden frequencies
that most people are not even
aware of that are embedded
in Sanskrit, in Hebrew,
and Gregorian chants,
in certain ancient chants that
subsequently have disappeared.
And the reason why
they've disappeared
is because they were
a little too effective
in bringing people into oneness.
And so--
>>LISA: Oh.
And explain that further.
How was there a
power that needed
to squash that effectiveness?
>>DESAI: Well, it
just depends on what
your doorway to the divine is.
So if your doorway to the
divine is through a human being,
then you need to keep that up.
But if your doorway to
the divine is directly,
you don't need anybody.
>>LISA: Oh.
>>DESAI: We're
moving into a point
now where we'll all have our
own personal relationship
with the divine.
And we won't need
anyone else anymore
to be the intermediary
between us and our source.
>>LISA: So you have experienced
gurus and been around them
all your life.
What would you say about that,
that you don't necessarily
need the guru to
get to the divine?
>>DESAI: I'd say that
the gurus-- you know,
if you have a guru, fantastic.
But the guru is
basically nothing more
than an embodiment of
yourself in orange.
>>LISA: [LAUGHS]
>>DESAI: And that's the core
teaching of it, you know?
God, guru, and self are one.
I think people forget
that, you know?
They have a tendency to
put people on a pedestal.
But then they also end
up being disappointed,
because they put
someone on a pedestal.
>>LISA: True, true.
>>DESAI: So if you
don't appoint anybody,
then you don't have
to be disappointed.
>>LISA: But what
about these gurus
that sit and don't
eat for a year
and have that, by being
in their presence,
you get that inner-- I
mean, explain, please.
>>DESAI: Well, human beings can
serve as catalysts, you see.
So in India, we have
this ancient practice
called Darshan.
And Darshan is to be in the
presence of an enlightened
or actualized being.
>>LISA: Right.
>>DESAI: And you can sit
with them and be with them.
And all of a sudden,
they'll start
to remind you vibrationally
of who you are.
And so it's a very
ancient thing that's
existed in my
culture for thousands
and thousands of years.
But it takes a very
unique soul to be
able to do that on a
large scale and to impact
millions of people.
And it takes an even
more advanced soul
to be able to do it
in a worldly context.
>>LISA: Yeah, yeah, it does.
Because you can sit there and be
in that world, in that bubble,
essentially.
But when you come out
and you're traveling
and you have young ones,
and you're raising a family,
and you have life that
you confront every minute,
you're in a practical world.
>>DESAI: And I love it.
And I love being human.
That's the best thing.
I think people are missing
the point, you know?
We're in such a rush to
become something other
than who we are.
We're missing the
point, you know?
I love being human.
I love the fact that I'm
married and I have two
18-month-year-olds running
around, pointing at everything,
just in absolute curiosity.
My mom and dad are at
my house every day.
There's a hub of
activity in my home.
And that's the point.
The point is to be human fully.
>>LISA: That's joy.
But what about when
wrongness comes in,
where somebody would do
something wrong to you
or take advantage
of you or exploit?
And that affects you.
>>DESAI: Well, honestly, I
just feel sad for that person,
because then they're
unconsciously just doing it
to themselves.
And that's the
saddest thing of all.
People don't realize
what they're dong.
If they did, they wouldn't do
half the things that they do.
>>LISA: But it's
hurtful sometimes.
It's painful.
>>DESAI: Well, yeah,
but again, it's
like it's so painful
for them, you know.
Really, when you
look at it, and you
look at the way it plays
out, eventually, everybody
has to go through
everything here.
So they're just keeping
themselves separate
and keeping themselves
different from who they are,
unnecessarily.
>>LISA: Well,
since we're talking
about vibrational
frequencies, let's
talk about the
vibration of stress
and what that looks like
on a frequency level.
What does stress look like?
>>DESAI: Stress is
an energy inhibitor.
Naturally--
>>LISA: Is it dense?
Is it slow?
>>DESAI: Naturally, it's dense.
It's slow.
And it weighs you down.
And it impedes your
ability to function.
It impedes your
neurological function.
It impedes you
biological function.
It impedes your
spiritual ability
to really flower and flow.
I mean, stress gets in
the way of everything.
But stress isn't the enemy.
It's our resistance to
stress that's the problem.
It's our distress.
Stress is a natural part of
life and living, you see.
>>LISA: It sneaks
up on you, though.
It does.
It compounds.
>>DESAI: Only when
we resist change.
You see, human beings
are change resistant.
Stress is a natural
evolutionary impulse.
When we're about to
evolve into more,
you're going to experience
some form of stress.
>>LISA: Right.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>DESAI: The problem is we're so
change resistant and so afraid
of what we don't know
that we resist it.
And then it becomes distress.
And then it accumulates
in our bodies.
>>LISA: Then it becomes solid.
>>DESAI: And then
it starts to get
in the way of the flow of
energy through our bodies
and through our lives.
And so stress is a good thing.
When you're experiencing
stress, it's fantastic.
It means you're about to evolve
and break into new paradigm.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>DESAI: Fear is fantastic.
Any time you start
feeling fear, it's
great, because you
know that there's
something beyond your comfort
zone that's on its way.
>>LISA: So what
you do with that?
>>DESAI: You breathe and relax.
>>LISA: Charge into it?
>>DESAI: Yes.
>>LISA: Bring it on?
>>DESAI: Exactly.
I run into it head on.
>>LISA: You do?
>>DESAI: I do.
I love it.
Because I know what's
on the other side.
>>LISA: So anything that
makes you afraid or that you--
>>DESAI: I do it more.
Like people that upset
me, I hang out with them
all the time.
>>LISA: [LAUGHS]
>>DESAI: Nobody should have
that much power over me.
>>LISA: Wow.
What about situations
that you can't control,
like the airlines and things
that are outside of-- you're
going to nail me on the
word control, aren't you?
[LAUGHS] Nice.
Keep going.
>>DESAI: I don't
have to say a word.
You're doing it to yourself--
>>LISA: Thanks.
>>DESAI: --on Gaiam TV.
>>LISA: [LAUGHS] That's
kind of what I do.
>>DESAI: See, just
hanging with me,
Lisa-- it's all right with me.
>>LISA: Oh, I know.
I know.
I'm totally unveiling and
revealing and breaking down
walls.
When you said the
word stress, yes, I
could feel it
definitely in my body.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: And so you
go into stress.
You go into it.
>>DESAI: And it's not
always comfortable.
>>LISA: Right.
>>DESAI: But life isn't
about being comfortable.
>>LISA: No, what you just
said made so much sense to me.
Because stress, by resisting
it, it makes it thicker.
And so if a sleepless night
happens or fatigue happens,
you could go into that with a
little bit more flow and ease.
And it doesn't compound.
>>DESAI: I wake up every morning
like it's Christmas morning,
regardless of what
happened the day before.
>>LISA: You do?
>>DESAI: Every day.
>>LISA: And what
does that give you.
What sense does that give you?
>>DESAI: I'm just so
excited to be human
and just to
experience everything
that's going to happen.
>>LISA: What the
gifts are that day.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
And it doesn't matter
what happened yesterday.
I'm just beyond
excited for today.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>DESAI: Because the truth
is it's all we've got.
You know, we're so busy
trying to control things
that we can't control, worried
about things that may or may
not happen.
We don't have any
control over that.
There's no point
worrying about--
>>LISA: There's that word again.
>>DESAI: There's
no point in holding
onto that's happened
in the past.
We have nothing we
can do about that.
So at that point, I
just make the most
of enjoying wherever I am.
>>LISA: Well, I want
you do enjoy this video
and experience the words that
Panache is talking about,
about stress.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-Picture for a moment that
you are a ship out at sea
and that you are all of a
sudden greeted by a huge wave.
Now, when life happens, we
have one of two options.
We can either try and outrun
that wave, which in this case
is absolutely impossible.
We can brace
ourselves for the hit.
Or we can actually begin
to steer into the wave,
to give our attention
to the wave,
to give our a complete focus
to it and then surrender to it.
What is required
is a willingness,
first and foremost,
to slow down.
We are moving at light speed.
Every single moment of
our lives is scheduled.
And if it isn't
scheduled, then we're
made to feel bad about
the fact that we're not
being productive.
We've got phones,
iPads, Surfaces.
We've got gadgets galore.
We are constantly in
connection and communication
with an external world.
There are a million
and one places
where you can avoid feeling.
There're a million
and one ways in which
you can numb the
experience of being human,
where you can limit the
impact that life is trying
to have on you in
any given moment.
Slow down.
Take a breath.
That wave is coming at you.
And that wave is
going to impact you,
whether you want it to or not.
Distraction provides
a temporary delay
of the inevitable,
the inevitable being
that at some point, that fear
is going to crash into you.
That fear is going to
want to wash through you.
And regardless of
how skilled you've
become at dancing
with distraction,
and how skilled you've become
at avoiding and denying
what you are present
to, at some point,
you will end up in a place
where you can no longer run.
So the first thing
is, take some breath,
as you are this little
boat out at sea.
And this giant wave of
fear is approaching you.
Stop and slow down.
Breathe and relax.
Allow yourself to lovingly
switch off the engine.
Switch it off.
You can no longer
outrun this thing.
You can't outrun this thing.
You can't avoid it.
You cannot escape it.
It is going to hit you.
It is going to impact you.
This energy, this experience,
this emotion, and your life
are destined to
intersect right now.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: Thank you for that.
So I want people to
be able to experience
what it is that you and
I are having right here.
And even though the
people watching right now
can feel that as
they get engaged,
I would love you to bring
in some of your tradition,
if you could, of what
you were raised with,
some of the-- as we were
talking about the Solfeggio
frequencies-- did
I say that right?
>>DESAI: Yeah, you did.
>>LISA: OK, good.
>>DESAI: It's Italian.
(IN ITALIAN ACCENT) Solfeggio.
>>LISA: (IN ITALIAN ACCENT)
Solfeggio frequencies.
>>DESAI: That's right.
Put your hear and soul into it.
>>LISA: So these frequencies
actually can bond together
and can bring together broken
parts, right, cells-- or how
does that work?
>>DESAI: Well, the
Solfeggio frequencies
are pretty fantastic.
You know, in ancient
civilizations and cultures,
they typically would have
seven initiation chambers.
And in every one
of these chambers,
they would play a
different frequency.
And every one of
these frequencies
resonates with every
one of the seven chakras
in the human body system.
And it's so cool,
because now even Dr. Oz
is talking about chakras and
how we balance our chakras
and why that's so important.
Because his wife's
an energy healer.
>>LISA: Is she?
>>DESAI: And so now it's
becoming common knowledge
that we have these
things called chakras,
we are vibrational
beings, that we
have these vibrational
centers within us,
and that actually
what's required
is our willingness to come
into alignment and harmony
with these vibration
centers in who we are.
And again, just the acceptance
of who you are is enough,
you know?
That's it.
That's the precursor.
That's the fastest path
to oneness, is acceptance.
>>LISA: You could
say that 1,200 times,
and people wouldn't
get it though.
>>DESAI: That's right.
>>LISA: It's the experience
of it that makes a difference.
>>DESAI: So one of the ways I've
discovered to really support
people in having
that experience is
to rest in the awareness
of their breath.
You know, we're
always breathing.
It's always there.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>DESAI: And our breath
is only ever happening
in each present moment.
And so when we can
actually just start
to observe our inhalation
and exhalation,
it's almost we start to
experience a transcendent state
where authenticity
just kind of happens.
Our soul begins
to shine through.
Our light and our
luminosity and our presence
begins to shine through.
And the reason why I like that,
Lisa, is because nobody knows.
You're not doing it.
It's not externalized.
It's not obvious.
But just resting in the
awareness of your breath
transforms your life
into a living meditation.
>>LISA: Can you transform a
situation that's upsetting
during that--
>>DESAI: Absolutely.
>>LISA: If you're
talking to someone,
if you're in an
emotional moment,
can you bring the breath
in to calm that person down
without them even knowing it?
>>DESAI: Well, yeah, because you
calming down calms them down.
You become a still pond.
And then everything
in your vicinity
has to become calm eventually.
>>LISA: I was in a
situation the other day
where someone was sitting in
front of me and talking to me
and completely bold
faced lying to me.
And I knew it.
And they weren't going
to hear the confrontation
I was going to bring up.
It wasn't going to work.
So I went into a place of breath
and just started breathing.
And I didn't actually hear what
they said beyond that because--
>>DESAI: It doesn't really
matter what they were saying.
>>LISA: Because it could
have really upset me.
And it was an attack on me.
And it could have really--
I could have gone head on,
but I-- I just didn't see
it in the moment, of needing
it to happen.
But I'm reminded of that moment.
Because you talk about breath.
And that's exactly what I did.
>>DESAI: Well, I mean, you
get to the top of the mountain
in the Himalayas, and that's
what you're going to get.
And it's the most
profound thing there
is, because breath and
spirit, in so many traditions,
they have the same name
for breath and spirit.
Well, why is that?
Maybe the divine placed
our connection right
under our noses.
It's just that we
don't pay attention.
I dedicated a whole
chapter to it in my book.
The gods on Mount Olympus were
having a conversation one day.
And being gods, they were
trying to outdo each other.
And they said,
where are we going
to hide this sacred
part of human beings,
this divine aspect of them?
And they're all trying
to outdo each other.
And eventually, one
of them said, I know.
Let's put it under their noses.
They'll never look there.
They'll go to mountains.
They'll got to monasteries.
They'll go and meditate.
They'll go do all
kinds of retreats.
But they won't look
under their own noses.
>>LISA: Right, right.
It's true.
We have it no matter where we
are, every moment of the day.
>>DESAI: Right.
>>LISA: And when
you do, and when
you had experienced chanting
and so forth as a child,
were you taught that?
Was breath a big
part of chanting?
>>DESAI: Yeah,
because naturally,
you see, chanting--
most people chant
as if they're chanting to
something outside of them.
>>LISA: Right.
>>DESAI: And I was
never taught that.
I was taught to chant as if
I was chanting to myself.
So instead of chanting to
some external form of God,
you're honoring
the divine within.
And in my household, we grew
up with one specific mantra,
which is Om Namah
Shivaya, which is
I honor my own inner divinity.
I bow to the sacred
divine that I am.
And that's really the
core of everything
that I felt and experienced,
is that we had divine beings.
And the more we can
use our breath--
and even when we use that
mantra along with our breath--
as you inhale, om namah
shivaya, and as you exhale,
om namah shivaya--
you can start to get
in touch with that
part of you that
is transcendent
and ever present.
And if you like mantras, great.
And if you don't,
just use the breath.
You know, personally,
I just use the breath.
You know, that--
>>LISA: But the
breath is infused
with your mantra in
your mind, right?
>>DESAI: No, you don't
need to do that even.
If you like that,
you can do that.
But it's really very simple.
Just be aware of the breath.
>>LISA: It's simple, but not
for the busy Western mind
over here.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
>>LISA: Can you take us
through an experience
where I can detach
from that needing
to have something tangible?
>>DESAI: Sure.
Just close your eyes.
Just open your palms,
busy Western mind.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>DESAI: And just observe the
inhalation and exhalation.
>>LISA: Wow.
Actually, I feel like I'm going
to lift right off this chair.
>>DESAI: Yeah.
Just witness the
inhalation and exhalation.
There's two things
that are happening.
First of all, your central
nervous system is calming down.
Your body's calming down.
You're opening up to receive.
And that transcendent
part of you
is beginning to make
itself known to you.
That's the first thing.
The second thing that's
happening is this energy,
this presence is beginning
to accelerate you
through everything within you
that you've judged repressed
or suppressed.
>>LISA: Yeah.
You say that I'm calming down.
But I feel the opposite.
Not the opposite,
but accelerated.
>>DESAI: So
sometimes people feel
like they're plugged
into an electric socket.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>DESAI: Sometimes people feel
intense heat, intense cold.
>>LISA: Yes, yes, all of that.
>>DESAI: People feel emotion.
They have flashbacks
or memories or traumas
that they've forgotten or
weren't willing to embrace.
But ultimately, this
energy's function
is to bring people back into
harmony with themselves.
We are the only
species that does not
live in harmony with itself.
So we are blessed
and fortunate enough
to be provided with
an opportunity now
in which we can once again come
into harmony with ourselves.
And even if you can just
sit for three minutes
and just relax and just rest in
the awareness of your breath.
And you can do it
with your eyes open.
You can do it at work.
You can do it when
you're with your kids.
>>LISA: Yeah, you can.
>>DESAI: You can do
wherever you are.
Life becomes a
living meditation.
And that is a state
know as Samadhi.
Samadhi is union, union, a
complete union between the body
the mind and the soul.
That is what this is.
And the simplicity of it is key,
because the more simple it is,
the more powerful it is.
>>LISA: The colors have
changed around you.
I can see a huge amount
of light around you.
Yeah, it's completely--
that was not even a minute.
It's a continuation
of the energy
that you and I are in now.
>>DESAI: That's right.
>>LISA: Yeah, it
just keeps going.
It keeps continuing.
And so the chant and the
breath is one in the same.
>>DESAI: Yes.
>>LISA: And the
way that you speak
is one in the same with chant
and breath and speaking.
It's all one in the same.
And I don't think
you blink, actually.
You have this engaging draw.
It's amazing.
You're so connected in
such a beautiful way.
>>DESAI: Thank you.
>>LISA: In this space right
now, there is no pain.
There is no trauma.
There is no stress.
There is only love.
There is only divine.
And you're in this
moment all the time,
whether or not you're busy,
whether or not you're teaching.
You're in front of 3,000
people, you're just with me.
You don't leave this space.
That is the biggest lesson
that I have drawn from you,
is this space.
You don't leave it.
You're always in it.
But you're--
>>DESAI: And that's not to
say that I don't get upset.
I get upset.
But I don't resist the
fact that I'm upset.
It's not to say that
I don't feel insecure.
I still feel insecure.
But I don't resit the fact
that I'm feeling that.
You know, if something triggers
me in life, I run towards it.
>>LISA: Yeah.
But less will trigger
you, because you're not
going to engage in that
lower vibrational stuff.
>>DESAI: And again, it's
not lower vibrational.
Our humanity is the
doorway to our divinity.
And that's what people
don't understand.
Everyone's trying
to bypass their ego
and bypass their personality.
You can't do that.
You have to lovingly embrace
every single aspect of who
you are: your fear, your
sadness, your guilt,
your shame.
And that's why I provided
a systematic 33-day guide
into to how we accept
ourselves in this book.
>>LISA: That helps.
>>DESAI: That's why.
>>DESAI: Because people
need that support.
>>LISA: And every
single day, you
take people through a specific
meditation in the book?
>>DESAI: Well, in the morning,
we cultivate your awareness.
And in the afternoon, we
provide you a practice
so you can begin to
prove to yourself
these principles in real life.
Because until you do
that, they're not yours.
>>LISA: Can you give
me an example of one
of the practices?
>>DESAI: Yeah.
So fear-- you know,
we all have fear.
We just let fear
get the best of us.
So one of the practices is we
actually tend to the garden.
We tend to our garden.
And we start pulling
out the weeds.
And the weeds are the fear.
And we start
experiencing the energy.
Instead of getting
involved in the story,
it's like we start experiencing
the energy of fear.
And we literally
start to realize
that fear doesn't really
have any power over us,
that it's just an experience
like anything else.
And literally,
then at that point,
by the time you
get to the evening,
you are read a
beautiful lullaby, as if
the divine itself
was speaking to you.
And then the magic
happens while you sleep.
>>LISA: Oh, really.
Because I can imagine it
happening during the day.
When you get out of
that place of fear,
you can really transform.
Miracles can happen.
>>DESAI: And that's
why I start with fear.
That's why I start
with it, because it's
where you have to begin.
>>LISA: I see.
Also, I want you take a look
at the video where Panache
is talking about the vibrational
frequencies and the Earth's
resonance as well. so
take a look at that.
[BEGIN VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-Hi, I'm Panache Desai.
And welcome to "Align,
Attune, Ascend,"
a vibration solution
created to support you
in accessing harmony, living a
life of vibrational increase,
so that you can embody all
that you are here to be.
Ancient civilizations
hid vibrational tools
and technologies in plain sight.
They recognized and revered
the power of sound vibration
and frequency to help us
evolve, to help us ascend,
to help us move up
the vibrational scale.
These frequencies are known
as Solfeggio frequencies.
And they vibrate
on a hertz scale
that is mostly forgotten today.
However, this hertz scale has
the potential to repair DNA,
to bring you into
universal harmony,
to help facilitate your internal
alchemy so that you can move
beyond the density that's
been holding you back,
and you can send it into your
greatest potential and light.
Every one of these
frequencies is specifically
attuned to every vibrational
center that is within you.
These Solfeggio frequencies,
married together
with the gift of
vibrational transformation,
are a potent
combination, designed
to not only support
you acoustically,
but to support you vibrationally
in coming into all that you are
and all that you've
been born to be.
I can't wait for you to
dive into these tools.
And it has been my
honor to bring them back
into the forefront of
our modern world today.
Our planet's
heartbeat is shifting.
Things are speeding up.
Our universe is evolving.
And it is important
now more than ever
that we match the
planet's heartbeat,
that we move into alignment
with everything that is going on
around us so that we can
ascend into our greatest
truth, our greatest light,
and our greatest potential.
If you are ready
to make a quantum
leap in your experience
of being human,
then "Align, Attune,
and Ascend" is for you.
I'm Panache Desai.
And it is my absolute honor to
be your guide as together we
journey back into the
ancient to bring forth light
into the modern so that
we can move into a future
that we are writing
with our own hands.
I love you.
And I thank you for loving me.
And I'll see you as
we ascend together
in "Align, Attune, and Ascend."
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: I am so grateful that
you shared this time with us--
>>DESAI: Thank you.
>>LISA: --in the midst of
your lecturing and everything
that you're doing here.
It's really wonderful to
spend an hour with you.
Thank you so much.
>>DESAI: Thank you, Lisa.
I love you.
And I love everything
that you do, sweetheart.
Thank you for constantly giving
of yourself all the time.
Thank you.
>>LISA: I do that, yeah.
Thank you for that.
>>DESAI: So selflessly.
>>LISA: In the name
of awareness, yes.
>>DESAI: In the name of
love, you do it, sweetheart.
>>LISA: I do.
>>DESAI: I'm grateful for you.
>>LISA: Thank you
for saying that.
>>DESAI: Thank you.
>>LISA: I appreciate that.
Thank you so much.
>>DESAI: Thank you.
>>LISA: And if you want to
watch a replay of my interview
with Panache Desai, you
can go to gaiamtv.com.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay inspired.